Let's now add some makeup to our visuals and make them more meaningful.
AWS QuickSight provides some level of customization
to make our visuals look better.
Let's start with the bar chart, and let's say that I
would like to change its color.
I will right‑click on the chart and choose Chart Color.
Then, I will change the color to green.
Looks better, right?
And now let's go to the scatter plot, and let's say that I would like
to make the title larger for better readability.
I will click on the gear on the right of the visual,
and then I will change the title font size to large.
And as you can see, that title now is larger.
We can apply the same principle on the rest of the visuals. And
now let's see what we can do with the pie chart.
Let's say that we would like to show the percentage
of each category in the pie chart.
I will click on the gear on the right of the pie chart,
and then I will click on Data Labels.
Then I will click on Show Metric. And as you can see,
we can see each category and its corresponding percentage.
And now let's go to the table, and let's say that we would
like to add some conditional formatting.
I would like to mark years with number of sales less than
500 with red so that the viewer will easily recognize that
there is something wrong.
I will click on the three dots in the right of the table.
Then, I will choose Conditional formatting. In the Column section on the left,
I will choose Number of Sales column. And as you can see,
I can apply the formatting either on the background color,
text color, or through an icon in the cell.
I will choose the background color. And here, I can define a condition
based on a certain aggregation type, such as count,
average, median, and so on.
I will leave it as count, and I will make the condition type as less
than, and the value I will put 500. And for background color, I will
choose red, Then I will apply. And as you can see,
the cell with value 341 now is red since it is less than 500. I
hope now you have some idea on some capabilities AWS QuickSight provides for you to customize your visuals.